Update and clean up the Keda docs (#147)
kyma-project/keda-manager: docs/keda-installation.md

# How to install Keda Manager

## Installation on Kyma runtime

> This section describes how to set up the Keda module (Keda + Keda Manager) on top of the Kyma installation with `lifecycle-manager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to set up the Keda module (KEDA + Keda Manager) on top of the Kyma installation with `lifecycle-manager`.
```

In such a setup, you don't need to install Keda Manager. It is installed and managed by `lifecycle-manager`.

### Lifecycle management of Keda Manager in Kyma

When you enable the Keda module using your Kyma runtime Kyma custom resource (CR), the `lifecycle-manager` downloads the bundled package of the Keda Manager and installs it. Additionally, it applies a sample Keda CR, which triggers Keda Manager to install the Keda module.

![a](assets/keda-lm-overview.drawio.svg)

To enable the Keda module run:

   ```bash
   kyma alpha enable module keda -c fast
   ```

> ## Run locally with Kyma and lifecycle-manager on k3d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run locally with Kyma and `lifecycle-manager` on k3d
```

> Use the dedicated `make` target (in the `hack` folder) to run Keda module on k3d.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the dedicated `make` target (in the `hack` folder) to run the Keda module on k3d.
```

   ```
   
### Run locally on bare k3d

When using a local k3d cluster, you can also use the local OCI image registry that comes with it.
Thanks to that, you don't need to push the Keda module images to a remote registry and you can test the changes in the Kyma installation set up entirely on your machine.

1. Clone the project.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager.git && cd keda-manager/
   ```
2. Build the manager locally and run it on the k3d cluster.

   ```bash
   make -C hack/local run-without-lifecycle-manager
   ```
3. If you want to clean up the k3d cluster, use the `make -C hack/local stop` make target.

### Install on remote Kyma runtime

Prerequisite: `lifecycle-manager` must be installed on the cluster (locally), or the cluster itself must be managed remotely by the central control-plane.

In this section, you will learn how to install a pull request (PR) version of the Keda module by a `lifecycle-manager` on a remote cluster.
You need OCI images for the Keda module version to be built and pushed into a public registry. You also need a module template matching the version, to apply it on the remote cluster.

> CI jobs that are running on PRs and on main branch will help to achieve that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI jobs running on PRs and on the main branch will help to achieve that.
```

> CI jobs that are running on PRs and on main branch will help to achieve that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI jobs running on PRs and on the main branch will help to achieve that.
```

   descriptor:
	   component:
		   componentReferences: []
		   name: kyma-project.io/module/keda
		   provider: internal
		   repositoryContexts:
		   - baseUrl: europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/dev/unsigned
		   componentNameMapping: urlPath
		   type: ociRegistry
		   resources:
		   - access:
			   digest: sha256:3bf7c3bc2d666165ae2ae6cbcad2e3fcaa3a66ca3afebda8c9d008ab93413453
			   type: localOciBlob
		   name: keda
		   relation: local
		   type: helm-chart
		   version: 0.0.2-PR-101
		   - access:
			   digest: sha256:f4a599c4310b0fe9133b67b72d9b15ee96b52a1872132528c83978239b5effef
			   type: localOciBlob
		   name: config
		   relation: local
		   type: yaml
		   version: 0.0.2-PR-101
		   sources:
		   - access:
			   commit: f3b1b7ed6c175e89a7d29202b8a4cc4fc74cf998
			   ref: refs/heads/main
			   repoUrl: github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager
			   type: github
		   name: keda-manager
		   type: git
		   version: 0.0.2-PR-101
		   version: 0.0.2-PR-101
	   meta:
		   schemaVersion: v2

   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~END OF MODULE TEMPLATE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   make: Leaving directory '/home/prow/go/src/github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/hack/ci'
   ```
</details>

> 3. Save section's content in local file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Save the section's content in the local file.
```

2. Apply ModuleTemplate on your remote cluster:

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f <saved_module_template_path>
   ```

3. Enable the Keda Manager module by patching the Kyma CRD.

   ```bash
   make -C hack/common module

>    ```

Reviewer: Aren't these points supposed to be 3,4 & 5?

# How to install Keda Manager

## Installation on Kyma runtime

This section describes how to set up the Keda module (Keda + Keda Manager) on top of the Kyma installation with `lifecycle-manager`.
In such a setup, you don't need to install Keda Manager. It is installed and managed by `lifecycle-manager`.

### Lifecycle management of Keda Manager in Kyma

When you enable the Keda module using your Kyma runtime Kyma custom resource (CR), the `lifecycle-manager` downloads the bundled package of the Keda Manager and installs it. Additionally, it applies a sample Keda CR, which triggers Keda Manager to install the Keda module.

![a](assets/keda-lm-overview.drawio.svg)

To enable the Keda module run:

   ```bash
   kyma alpha enable module keda -c fast
   ```

## Local k3d setup for the local lifecycle-manager & Keda Manager

> > **TIP:** Use the dedicated `make` target (in the `hack` folder) to execute the following steps automatically.

Author: By the whole content you mean lines 22-120?

> > **TIP:** Use the dedicated `make` target (in the `hack` folder) to execute the following steps automatically.

Reviewer 2: yes

   ```

4. Build and push the Keda module.

   ```bash
   make module-build IMG=k3d-kyma-registry:5001/keda-manager-dev-local:0.0.2 MODULE_REGISTRY=localhost:5001/unsigned
   ```

5. Verify if the module and the manager's image are pushed to the local registry.

   ```bash
   curl localhost:5001/v2/_catalog
   ```
You should get a result similar to this example:

   ```json
   {"repositories":["keda-manager-dev-local","unsigned/component-descriptors/kyma-project.io/module/keda"]}
   ```
6. Inspect the generated module template.

> **NOTE:** The following sub-steps are temporary workarounds.

Edit `template.yaml` and:
- change `target` to `control-plane`

   ```yaml
   spec:
    target: control-plane
    ```
> **NOTE:** This is required in the single-cluster mode only.

- change the existing repository context in `spec.descriptor.component`:

   ```yaml
   repositoryContexts:      
     - baseUrl: k3d-kyma-registry.localhost:5000/unsigned
       componentNameMapping: urlPath
       type: ociRegistry
   ```

7. Install the modular Kyma on the k3d cluster.

> **NOTE** This installs the latest versions of `lifecycle-manager`.

> Use the `--template` flag to deploy the Keda module manifest from the beggining, or apply it using kubectl later.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To deploy the Keda module manifest from the beginning, use the `--template` flag. You can also apply it later with kubectl.
```

   ```bash
   kyma alpha deploy --template=./template.yaml
   ```

> Kyma installation is ready, but the module is not yet activated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   When the Kyma installation is ready, activate the module:
```

Reviewer 3: Wait, do we only activate it in line 109? Then what do we do here? Make it known?

   ```bash
   kubectl get kymas.operator.kyma-project.io -A
   ```

> You should get a result similar to the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You should get a result similar to the following example:
```

   ```bash
   NAMESPACE    NAME           STATE   AGE
   kcp-system   default-kyma   Ready   71s
   ```

> Keda module is a known module, but not yet activated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   When Keda module is a known module, activate it:
```

   ```bash
   kubectl get moduletemplates.operator.kyma-project.io -A 
   ```

> You should get a result similar to the following example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You should get a result similar to the following example:
```

   ```bash
   NAMESPACE    NAME                  AGE
   kcp-system   moduletemplate-keda   2m24s
   ```

8.  Give Module Manager permission to install CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) cluster-wide.

> > **NOTE:** Module Manager must be able to apply CRDs to install modules. In the remote mode (with control-plane managing remote clusters) it gets an administrative kubeconfig, targeting the remote cluster to do so. But in the local mode (single-cluster mode), it uses Service Account and does not have permission to create CRDs by default.

Reviewer 3: Here and in all lines up to line 143, we should add the appropriate blank spaces so that all substeps are indented correctly below their parent step 8.

```suggestion
   > **NOTE:** Module Manager must be able to apply CRDs to install modules. In the remote mode (with control-plane managing remote clusters) it gets an administrative kubeconfig, targeting the remote cluster to do so. But in the local mode (single-cluster mode), it uses Service Account and does not have permission to create CRDs by default.
```

> Run the following to make sure Module Manager's Service Account gets an administrative role:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To make sure Module Manager's Service Account gets an administrative role, edit the cluster role:
```

   ```bash
   kubectl edit clusterrole module-manager-manager-role
   ```

Add the following element under `rules`:

   ```yaml
   - apiGroups:
     - "*"
     resources:
     - "*"                  
     verbs:                  
     - "*"
  ```

> **NOTE:** This is a temporary workaround and is only required in the single-cluster mode.

9. Enable Keda in the Kyma CR.

   ```bash
   kyma alpha enable module keda -c fast
   ```
   
### Local mode in k3d

When using a local k3d cluster, you can also use the local OCI image registry that comes with it.

> Thanks to that, you don't need to push the Keda module images to a remote registry and test the changes in the Kyma installation set up entirely on your machine.

Reviewer 3: Do I understand that sentence correctly?

Thanks to that, you don't need to (...) test the changes (...) on your machine.

Or should it be:

Thanks to that, you don't need to push (...) and **_you can_** test the changes (...) on your machine.

1. Clone the project.

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager.git && cd keda-manager/
   ```
2. Build the manager locally and run it on the k3d cluster.

   ```bash
   make -C hack/local run-without-lifecycle-manager
   ```

> > **NOTE:** To clean up the k3d cluster, use the `make -C hack/local stop` make target.

Reviewer 3: Is this a step required after testing finished? Or a third step right after step 2?

### Install on remote Kyma runtime

> > **Prerequisite:** `lifecycle-manager` must be installed on the cluster (locally), or the cluster itself must be managed remotely by the central control-plane.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Prerequisite: `lifecycle-manager` must be installed on the cluster (locally), or the cluster itself must be managed remotely by the central control-plane.
```

> In this section, you will learn how to install a PR version of the Keda module by a `lifecycle-manager` on a remote cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this section, you will learn how to install a pull request (PR) version of the Keda module by a `lifecycle-manager` on a remote cluster.
```

> Such a setup requires OCI images for the Keda module version to be built and pushed into a public registry. Also, a module template matching the version must be available so that it can be applied on the remote cluster.

Reviewer 3: Are both these sentences prerequisites to the instruction? Then add it to line 170ff. Or is this a description of what's going to happen in the subsequent instructions? Then maybe use more active voice and less passive/impersonal voice to make it clearer that this is what the user must do.

CI jobs that are running on PRs and on main branch will help to achieve that.

> 1. Create a pull request (PR) or use an existing one in the [`keda-manager`](https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager) repository,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Create a PR or use an existing one in the [`keda-manager`](https://github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager) repository; on the PR page, scroll to the PROW job status list. 
```
Let's not split sentences across lines. 
However, I don't really understand what this means, regardless whether it's split or not.

Author: It means that you need to scroll down to the list of jobs, running on a Keda PR. Like here:
<img width="793" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/62639546/234490935-1cf49e43-95e8-4557-a582-7261efab5b26.png">
I'll add the screenshot to the doc.

on the PR page, scroll to the PROW job status list. 

> 1. Click **Details** next to the `pull-keda-module-build` job (make sure the job has finished with success).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. After the job has finished with success, click **Details** next to the `pull-keda-module-build` job.
```

> ![a](./docs/assets/pull_keda_module_build.png)

Reviewer 3: Here and in all lines up to line 302 (or 304??), we should add the appropriate blank spaces so that all content is indented correctly below its parent step.

      name: kyma-project.io/module/keda
      provider: internal
      repositoryContexts:
      - baseUrl: europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/dev/unsigned
        componentNameMapping: urlPath
        type: ociRegistry
      resources:
      - access:
          digest: sha256:3bf7c3bc2d666165ae2ae6cbcad2e3fcaa3a66ca3afebda8c9d008ab93413453
          type: localOciBlob
        name: keda
        relation: local
        type: helm-chart
        version: 0.0.2-PR-101
      - access:
          digest: sha256:f4a599c4310b0fe9133b67b72d9b15ee96b52a1872132528c83978239b5effef
          type: localOciBlob
        name: config
        relation: local
        type: yaml
        version: 0.0.2-PR-101
      sources:
      - access:
          commit: f3b1b7ed6c175e89a7d29202b8a4cc4fc74cf998
          ref: refs/heads/main
          repoUrl: github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager
          type: github
        name: keda-manager
        type: git
        version: 0.0.2-PR-101
      version: 0.0.2-PR-101
    meta:
      schemaVersion: v2

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~END OF MODULE TEMPLATE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
make: Leaving directory '/home/prow/go/src/github.com/kyma-project/keda-manager/hack/ci'
```
</details>

> Save section's content in local file.

Reviewer 3: Isn't this also a step instruction and thus needs a number?

```suggestion
1. Save section's content in local file.
```

> 3. Apply module template on remote cluster:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Apply the module template on your remote cluster:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 3: add blank spaces in lines 308-310 for proper indentation below the step

kubectl apply -f <saved_module_template_path>
```

> 4. Enable the Keda Manager module by patching Kyma CRD.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. Enable the Keda Manager module by patching the Kyma CRD.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer 3: add blank spaces in lines 314-316 for proper indentation below the step
